docs(readme): remove broken links to guides fixes #2704 (#2706)
Sage/carbon: README.md

> See the [demo and documentation site](https://carbon.sage.com/) for live examples, or see [create-carbon-app](https://github.com/sage/create-carbon-app) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [storybook](https://carbon.sage.com/) for live examples.
```

> ## Documentation

Reviewer 2: Why we have deleted this guide?

Author: They were getting more and more out of date and didn't reflect the advice we've been giving in person. There is a plan to write new collaboration usage instructions but in the meanwhile it's better to remove these, rather than give wrong guidance.

Reviewer 2: just FYI, we've updated `Testing process and tools` readme file

> The Carbon getting started and coding guides have been removed as they we're getting increasingly out-of-date. Apologies for the inconvenience this may cause. We plan to revisit these and publish new documentation in due course, in the meanwhile please feel free to raise any questions to the maintainers as a [New Issue](https://github.com/Sage/carbon/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Carbon getting started and coding guides have been removed as they were getting increasingly out-of-date. Apologies for the inconvenience this may cause. We plan to revisit these and publish new documentation in due course, in the meanwhile please feel free to raise any questions to the maintainers as a [New Issue](https://github.com/Sage/carbon/issues).
```
I think this is beyond the remit of carbon. I think its best that we say nothing at all here.

> ## Running the Demo Site Locally

Reviewer: Demo site no longer exists.

* [Safari](https://www.apple.com/safari/)
* [Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/windows/microsoft-edge)

## Testing

> As Carbon is just React components, we support any test suite you prefer to use. However we also provide out-of-the-box test tooling through [Carbon Factory](https://github.com/sage/carbon-factory).

Reviewer: Carbon factory is deprecated.
